Now, welcome to the final project of the memory management course.
In the recent weeks, you have learned so much about memory in C++,
and I'm sure that your insights into what memory is, how it works,
and how you can efficiently use,
is much greater than at the beginning of this course.
Now, in most lessons, you have completed
several smaller examples to directly apply your knowledge.
So you already have some hands-on experience with a major concepts taught in this course.
On the upcoming final project,
you will not be developing a project from scratch, but instead,
I will introduce you to the implementation of an already existing chatbots project.
With this, you are able to discuss some memory management topics based on
the content of a knowledge base stored in a text file as you will soon see.
The program can be executed and works.
However, I have not been using any of
the advanced concepts of memory management you have learned about.
There are no smart pointers, no move semantics,
and not much thought has been given on ownership of certain variables,
and on where to allocate memory.
So your task will be to optimize the project with memory management in mind,
and we have five tasks in total which you have to complete.
But before we get into the first task,
let us have a look at the student version of the code first.
So before we dive into the code,
let's look at an overview of the structure of the final project. Let's go.
What you can see here is an overview of the general task you are about to fulfill.
The purpose of the task is to analyze an existing chatbot program,
which is able to discuss
some memory management topics based on the content of a so-called knowledge base,
which we will shortly look at.
The program can be executed and works as intended, however,
there are no advanced concepts as discussed in this course inside the program code.
There are no smart pointers, no move semantics,
and not much thought has been given on
ownership bound on memory allocation and de-allocation.
Your task as previously stated is to use
the course knowledge to optimize
the chatbot program from a memory management perspective.
In total, we have a number of five tasks which you have to complete.
Before we go into those task details,
let's have a look at the program first.
What you can see here is the general outline,
the general structure of how the program is supposed to work.
On the right-hand side before we start the small demo,
let's take a look at a screenshot of the chatbots as it currently is.
You can see the chat window.
You have a nice background here,
you have a window or a text box at the bottom where you can enter your queries,
your questions to the chatbot,
and the chatbot will answer here on the right.
Currently, it says, welcome,
my name is MemBot and so on and so forth.
He tells you what topics are,
possible topics you can ask him about.
For example, possible topics at this point in time,
pointers and the C++ memory model and he asks you what you would like to talk about.
So you just can ask him how he's feeling but
he won't answer based on the content of a current knowledge base.
Of course, you can always add to the knowledge base.
But as it's set up now,
you can only ask him at this stage about pointers and the C++ memory model.
On the left-hand side,
you can see an answer graph,
which is basically structured according to the layout of the knowledge base.
So we are starting here at the initial root nodes,
which is called n0 and the red circle here with
a scene side means this is the current position of the chatbot.
Based on the location at the root node,
we only have two options as shown in the graph.
We can traverse over the edge zero to node n1,
or we can traverse over edge one to node number 2.
E0 corresponds to pointers and e1 corresponds to memory model.
When the chatbot finds that you want to know more about pointers,
he will move along the edge to the next node and one,
and then give you new options which you could ask him about,
for example, smart pointers or something else related to pointers.
Let's start the demo and see how the dialogue
expands here and how the chatbots moves accordingly.
Let's have a look.
Now, I'm typing in some text here, hi chatbot?
My name is Andreas.
So let's talk about pointers.
All the chatbot is moving to node n1,
and we get a rather lengthy answer,
and let's talk about pointers.
He tells you what a pointer is,
some details blah blah blah,
and then he says, okay,
more topics around pointers you can ask about are smart pointers or a null pointer,
and I want to know more about smart pointers, please.
Then the chatbots moves along edge number 3,
which in this case corresponds to the answer related to smart pointers.
As soon as the chatbot reaches node number 0,
the answer related to, in this case,
smart pointers as outputs to this window here.
So a smart pointer is an object that behaves like a pointer and so on and so forth.
So that's the basic idea of how the chatbot works.
We have this structure here which is rather generic,
and you can design how the checkbook moves through this network by
simply changing the structure of the answergraph.txt file,
which we will look at shortly to see how it basically looks.
But before we do this, let's have a look at the structure of the code.